
OnePlus is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We do not use, store or disclose your information in ways beyond what is outlined in this Privacy Policy. To provide you with our services, we may collect information that can be used to identify you. We will not use that information in ways other than laid out in this document. OnePlus reserves the right to change or modify this document at any time.
The information we collect and how it is used

We collect both personal and non-personal information to better serve you. The information we collect may include your name, email address, postal address and phone number. Your information may be used in the following ways:

    When you visit our website, your IP address geolocation data is used to present you with the most relevant currency and shipping options.
    When you subscribe to the OnePlus newsletter, we collect your email to send you news and promotions.
    When you open a OnePlus Account, we collect your name and email to validate your account and send you notifications.
    When you participate in our promotions or order products from the OnePlus website, we collect your postal address and telephone number for logistics purposes.
    When we ship your order, your postal address will be given to our logistics partners to facilitate delivery.

Managing your personal information

We may occasionally send you news on our products and promotions. If you wish to unsubscribe you may do so in your OnePlus Account. You may also modify your information by updating your profile or by sending us a request at https://oneplus.net/uk/support.
Disclosure to third parties

We share relevant information with various third-party businesses so that they may provide us with services such as email, website analytics, targeted promotions, payment processing, order processing and delivery. Third party partners are also obligated to protect your privacy and never receive your full account information.

In order to optimize your user experience, OnePlus uses third-party service providers that offer certain analytics and user interaction services in connection with our website. These services include the collection and tracking of certain data and information regarding the characteristics and activities of visitors to this site. We may disclose Visitor data, including Personally Identifiable Information, to certain such providers in order to obtain these services.

Third-party service providers include, but are not limited to, Google Analytics, Kissmetrics, and Optimizely. Kissmetrics' full Privacy Policy can be found here. Visitors may opt out of such analytic and user interaction services via Kissmetrics? Opt-Out Feature, the Opt Out of Optimizely Tracking page, and the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data sent from web servers that are stored on your device. We use cookies to remember your preferences and facilitate online shopping. You may disable cookies in your browser if you do not wish to accept them.
Information security

We use industry standard security measures to ensure your personal information is safe. All payments on oneplus.net are handled by PayPal; we do not collect nor store your credit card details on our servers.
Terms and Conditions
Website terms of service

These Terms of Service apply to the website and all subdomains at oneplus.net. All content on this site, including but not limited to text, images, code, design and layout, is owned and controlled by OnePlus. No part of the site and content may be reproduced, republished or distributed without the express permission of OnePlus. Our services are provided on an as-is and as-available basis, without warranty. We reserve the right to modify these terms and terminate our services at any time. By using this website you agree to the terms laid out in this document.
Usage of the site

You grant OnePlus the right to use, reproduce, modify and distribute any non-personal, non-confidential content you post. You may not post unlawful, inflammatory, obscene, or otherwise threatening content to our site. Any such content will be deleted and the associated accounts suspended. You may not access unauthorized parts of the site or use the site in any way that will disrupt our services.
Terms of Sales
Payments

All payments are processed through PayPal, a leading provider of online payments. Your details will be transmitted through encrypted channels and stored on PayPal's secure servers. OnePlus does not store or have access to your payment details.
Warranty Policy

OnePlus phones purchased on oneplus.net come with a 2 year limited warranty, in compliance with EU consumer laws, starting from the date of delivery. Unless otherwise specified, this warranty covers the hardware components of the Product as originally supplied and does not cover, or partially covers software, consumable items, or accessories even if packaged or sold together with the Product.

The limited warranty only covers product defects caused by workmanship or build materials. To make a claim, present your original Proof of Purchase (invoice), model and serial number of the product, and photo evidence of the product?s defects to OnePlus Customer Service at https://oneplus.net/uk/support.

Any repair and replacement service covered by warranty, along with shipping and handling, will be free within the 2-year period.

OnePlus may use rebuilt, reconditioned or new parts and components when repairing any product. Alternatively, we may replace the defective product entirely with a rebuilt, reconditioned or new OnePlus product.
The limited warranty does not cover:

    Defects or damage resulting from accidents, neglect, misuse or abnormal use; abnormal conditions or improper storage; exposure to liquid, moisture, dampness, sand or dirt; unusual physical, electrical or electromechanical stress.
    Scratches, dents and cosmetic damage, unless caused by OnePlus.
    Defects or damage resulting from excessive force or use of metallic objects on the touch screen.
    Devices that have the serial number or the IMEI number removed, defaced, damaged, altered or made illegible.
    Ordinary wear and tear.
    Defects or damage resulting from the use of the product in conjunction or connection with accessories, products, or ancillary/peripheral equipment not furnished or approved by OnePlus.
    Any physical feature defects or damage resulting from improper testing, operation, maintenance, installation, service, or adjustment not furnished or approved by OnePlus.
    Defects or damage resulting from external causes such as collision with an object, fire, flooding, dirt, windstorm, lightning, earthquake, exposure to weather conditions, theft, blown fuse, or improper use of any electrical source.
    Defects or damage resulting from cellular signal reception or transmission, or viruses and other software problems introduced into the product.
    Products not purchased from oneplus.net.

Please contact OnePlus Customer Service for enquiries regarding Limited Warranty.
Return Policy

OnePlus phones and accessories are made to the highest standards and undergo rigorous testing. If you are not satisfied with your OnePlus product for any reason, you may request a return within 15 calendar days of delivery. Once we approve your request and receive the product, we will give you a full refund minus shipping and handling fees incurred by the return process.

Hardware purchased directly from OnePlus is covered by a Limited Warranty on workmanship and materials, commencing from the date of delivery and for the duration of:
Item
OnePlus One / OnePlus 2 / OnePlus X (incl. battery)
Type
Return Warranty
Duration
15 Days 24 Months
Charger, Data Cable, OTG Cable, Earphones, Power Bank
Return Warranty
15 Days* 24 Months
Screen Protector, Flip Cover, Protective Case, StyleSwap Cover
Return Warranty
15 Days* 15 Days

*Must be in as-new condition and in the original packaging.

In accordance with the U.K. Consumer Rights Act 2015, any goods that are not (1) of satisfactory quality; (2) fit for their given purpose; or (3) as described, may be returned free of charge within 30 days of delivery. Please submit a ticket describing the problem with your device. In order to be eligible for a refund, you must contact us within 30 days and describe in detail how the goods were defective, damaged, or materially different. We may choose not to accept returns in these circumstances:

    Defects or damages caused by misuse, neglect, physical damage, tampering, incorrect adjustment, normal wear and tear or incorrect installation after purchase.
    Price fluctuations being the sole reason for return.
    Customised customer contracts.

In all cases, we will inspect the product and verify the fault. To qualify for a replacement or refund, devices must be in "as new" condition and, if possible, with the original sealed packaging intact. Accessories must be sealed in their original packaging. We reserve the right to refuse a refund if the product returned is deemed to have been damaged.

Please contact OnePlus customer service to request a return at https://oneplus.net/uk/support. Without a verified return request, the returned package will be declined. Return requests cannot be cancelled once they have reached "shipped" status.

Once you've contacted OnePlus customer service and requested a return:

    You will receive and be required to submit an Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) form. Print out the RMA form and place it inside of the shipping package you're returning.
    Include all items from your original shipment including devices, accessories, and documentation. Do not send additional add-ons such as your SIM card, cases, screen protectors, or headphones. If such items are shipped to us by mistake, we are not able to return them.
    Before returning any unit for service, be sure to back up your data. You are responsible for the personal information stored in your phone - please erase all personal and sensitive data on the device before sending it to OnePlus. OnePlus will not be responsible for any disclosure of data still on the returned or serviced device.
    During service, data stored on the device may be deleted and reformatted. OnePlus is not responsible for the loss of any software programs, data or other information contained in the product?s storage. Recovery and reinstallation of third party software programs, data and information are not covered under warranty.

Shipping Policy

Orders are shipped within 3 business days of payment. Orders made during promotional periods and special events, may have longer shipping times, at the discretion of OnePlus. In such cases, customers will be informed in advance separately.

All goods are inspected and sealed before delivery to avoid damage.

OnePlus will keep you updated on your order status via email. Orders cannot be cancelled once they have reached "order being prepared" status.

How is shipping calculated?

Shipping is calculated based on shipping address and shipping method. The following options can be selected during checkout:

Standard Shipping (3 business days processing time + 3-7 business days)
Priority Shipping (3 business days processing time + 2-5 business days)

Please note that all delivery dates are estimates only. Additional charges will be necessary for shipping addresses in remote locations. We are unable to ship to PO Box addresses.
Returns

To return an item, please submit a ticket at https://oneplus.net/uk/support.
Events Beyond Reasonable Control

Neither party will be responsible for any delay or failure to comply with these terms if the delay or failure arises from any cause beyond their reasonable control (wars, natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, etc.).
No Waiver

We retain our rights to take action at any time in the event of failure to comply with these terms.
Trademarks and copyright

Certain trademarks belong to third parties and may not be used without permission. See their respective websites for more information.
Disclaimer

We are not liable for any loss or damages that may arise from using our services.
Changes

We reserve the right to update this document at any time without prior notification.

This document was last updated on 20/01/2016.
